[Music]
I'm impressed number two who actually
not number three or just bread did were
my new special moves watch me hit the
turbo button and really accident just
like your sister sneaking around like
that cream man even when she's sneaking
around she's not on our side number two
need I remind you that while cream once
used to be a kids next door operative
she's now a teenager and our sworn enemy
me a few thanks but that doesn't change
the fact that I just look young but
number four okay I'm ready
someone had me a controller and I'll
show you how
Oh number kids next door operating
instructions
[Music]
kids next door up
kids next door operates my toilet paper
grenades aren't enough to wake you out
are they well
[Music]
oh you're in mindful now
kids next door come monster is more of
carpet than number one
[Music]